[Applause]
a heartfelt welcome signaling the safe
return of more Israeli captives back
home their release by Hamas and gazer as
part of the temporary ceasefire deal
that is still holding is a big relief
for many especially for Abigail adan's
[Applause]
grandfather I couldn't believe it until
I saw her now I'm a bit more relieved
not relieved completely because there's
happiness mixed with missing her parents
Ro and hard the 4-year-old is now an
orphan after they were killed in the
October 7 Hamas
attack of the 17 captives released on
Sunday 13 of them are from the southern
town of Kaza that's where relatives and
neighbors watched local TV cheering
whenever they recognized their
own I saw a tal and a gal that are the
best friend of my my grandson
yarden saw their mother Ken
Hagar it was so exciting to see that
they look that they're okay the feelings
are mixed in the in one hand we're so
happy about um our families coming back
and and in the other hand we feeling
also sad about the people that left
behind every day of this fragile
ceasefire has played out differently for
the first time Hamas handed Israeli
citizens to the Red Cross inside Gaza
City instead of the South the captives
entered Israel from a different Crossing
too meanwhile three Thai Nationals and
an Israeli Russian were transferred
through the usual Ru Crossing to Egypt
and onto Israel with the temporary pause
in fighting nearing the end Hamas says
it wants to extend it by releasing more
captives us President Joe Biden says
he's working on it and Israel's war
cabinet which met on Sunday evening is
said to be considering
it there's a deal that says it is
possible to release every day 10 more
hostages and that is welcomed I told
President Biden that by the end of the
deal we are going back full force to
achieve our goals eliminate Hamas
guarantee that Gaza will not go back to
what it was and of course release all
our
hostages discharged from hospital some
of those released on the first day have
arrived home a bit of sweet moment for
many but one that's giving Israelis hope
that others still held in Gaza will soon
be
[Music]
[Applause]
released Al jazer Tel
Aviv make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer